
# ApolloCodeGeneration

**Apollo CLI Version**: **1.0.6**

The executable target of this package is designed to be called on a directory containing the GraphQL schema and operations required  for the Apollo Code Generation CLI auto-generate Apollo code models.

The Apollo CLI is pre-configured with the following settings:
- **Recursive Search**: Search directories recursively, starting at the root directory, for `.graphqls` schema files and `.graphql` operation files.
- **Swift Package Generation**: Create a new Swift Package at the root of the directory that will contain the generated Apollo GraphQL code. There must be at least one schema and operation of the Apollo Code Generation CLI will fail.
- **Generated Code Destination**: Generated code will be placed in the /Sources subdirectory within the root directory.
- **Package Name**: The generated Apollo schema package name will default to `ApolloSchemaPackage` if no name is specified. A custom name may be provided using the options below.
        
### Usage

The executable may be called within the target root directory with no arguments. Doing so will run the executable within its current working directory. A path and schema package name may be specified as follows:
    
    -r, --relative-path

        Specifies a relativepath from where the executable is called
        to the location of the target directory

    -a, --absolute-path
                        
        Specifies a relativepath from where the executable is called
        to the location of the target directory

    -s, --schema-name
                        
        Specifies a the name of the Swift package that will be generated by the
        Apollo CLI; defaults to "ApolloSchemaPackage"


